11.dedication.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*At this point in the story, Richard has already made the decision to separate himself from the establishment, studied blockchain, and learned some smart contract development. He met Mike at a conference in a previous chapter and expressed his disinterest in the establishment. Mike was really intrigued by Richard's spirit and technical acumen, so after the conference, he flew him out to his office in Dallas to educate him about the network and give him a job offer. Mike believes he can convince Richard to see the network the same way he sees it.*

*Richard just left Mike's office after sitting for several hours absorbing everything Mike said about the network state, e/acc, human longevity, economic freedom, AGI, that kinda stuff. Richard had studied blockchain and smart contract development beforehand, but he hadn't studied any of the aforementioned ideas.* 

***Author's note:** Throughout this chapter, I am going to provide the real-world links to the resources Mike shared with Richard in the previous chapter. None of them are necessary to understand the remainder of the story, but they are available for a curious reader who legitimately wants to learn more about this line of thinking. I do NOT necessarily support or condone all of the ideologies or behaviors shared. I am simply providing links for further learning that were deemed important from the perspective of a fictional character. Quotes written below as coming from the direct sources may be paraphrased or fictitiously represented for entertainment purposes, for example any Bryan Johnson references.*

***Work in progress***

<hr /> 

# 11. Dedication

Richard climbed into the driver's seat of the rental car, still feeling the goosebumps on his skin following the breathtaking ideas Mike expressed with him. "Holy fuck, so much possibility." 

Richard reached into his pocket to pull out his phone. Before he left Mike's office, Mike provided him with a Notion link with links to e-books, blog posts, Twitter threads, and Youtube videos to get Richard kickstarted on. *Let's see what this shit is all about.*

*["How I keep my penis 18 years old?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jAekMUKUnw) Why did Mike send me this video speciifcally? Damn, who was this Ryan Johnsson motherfucker again? Mike named like fifty people. Whatever, let's see.* Richard clicked the link and watched Youtube load the video on his phone.

"I'm Ryan Johnsson and this is how I keep my johnson from aging!" <!-- I am not suggesting that Bryan Johnson actually said this. I just made it up for humorous purposes. -->
<!-- Plz don't sue me Bryan ;_; -->

*Okay, I'm not watching this shit right now.* Richard exited Youtube and clicked back to the Notion link from Mike. *What else did Mike share?* Richard continued to scroll through the list. *["Notes on e/acc principles and tenets"](https://beff.substack.com/p/notes-on-eacc-principles-and-tenets) by Beff Jezos. Hmmm...*

"The following are some quickly put together point-form notes following several of our public and private conversations..." <!-- quoted directly from https://beff.substack.com/p/notes-on-eacc-principles-and-tenets --> Richard continued reading the article in his head. 

*["The Network State in One Essay"](https://thenetworkstate.com/the-network-state-in-one-essay/) by Srinivasan Balaji. Okay, let's look at this.*

"A proposition is not a nation, though it can become one. Here we describe a peaceful, reproducible process for turning an online community premised on a proposition into a physical state with a virtual capital: a network state, the sequel to the nation state." *Okay, this is a little more like what I wanna explore.* <!-- quoted directly from https://thenetworkstate.com/the-network-state-in-one-essay -->

[Previous (incomplete)](./10.awakening.md)

[Next (not quite next but just in case you wanna see some of what's coming up)](./%3F.targeting.md)

Commit message:

1. Additional dialogue in Rejection chapter 2. Mike and Long start to figure out how they feel about Richard 3. Cleanup supporting this work

11.dedication.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*At this point in the story, Richard has already made the decision to separate himself from the establishment, studied blockchain, and learned some smart contract development. He met Mike at a conference in a previous chapter and expressed his disinterest in the establishment. Mike was really intrigued by Richard's spirit and technical acumen, so after the conference, he flew him out to his office in Dallas to educate him about the network and give him a job offer. Mike believes he can convince Richard to see the network the same way he sees it.*

*Richard just left Mike's office after sitting for several hours absorbing everything Mike said about the network state, e/acc, human longevity, economic freedom, AGI, that kinda stuff. Richard had studied blockchain and smart contract development beforehand, but he hadn't studied any of the aforementioned ideas.* 

***Author's note:** Throughout this chapter, I am going to provide the real-world links to the resources Mike shared with Richard in the previous chapter. None of them are necessary to understand the remainder of the story, but they are available for a curious reader who legitimately wants to learn more about this line of thinking. I do NOT necessarily support or condone all of the ideologies or behaviors shared. I am simply providing links for further learning that were deemed important from the perspective of a fictional character. Quotes written below as coming from the direct sources may be paraphrased or fictitiously represented for entertainment purposes, for example any Bryan Johnson references.*

***Work in progress***

<hr /> 

# 11. Dedication

Richard climbed into the driver's seat of the rental car, still feeling the goosebumps on his skin following the breathtaking ideas Mike expressed with him. "Holy fuck, so much possibility." 

Richard reached into his pocket to pull out his phone. Before he left Mike's office, Mike provided him with a Notion link with links to e-books, blog posts, Twitter threads, and Youtube videos to get Richard kickstarted on. *Let's see what this shit is all about.*

*["How I keep my penis 18 years old?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jAekMUKUnw) Why did Mike send me this video speciifcally? Damn, who was this Ryan Johnsson motherfucker again? Mike named like fifty people. Whatever, let's see.* Richard clicked the link and watched Youtube load the video on his phone.

"I'm Ryan Johnsson and this is how I keep my johnson from aging!" <!-- I am not suggesting that Bryan Johnson actually said this. I just made it up for humorous purposes. -->
<!-- Plz don't sue me Bryan ;_; -->

*Okay, I'm not watching this shit right now.* Richard exited Youtube and clicked back to the Notion link from Mike. *What else did Mike share?* Richard continued to scroll through the list. *["Notes on e/acc principles and tenets"](https://beff.substack.com/p/notes-on-eacc-principles-and-tenets) by Beff Jezos. Hmmm...*

"The following are some quickly put together point-form notes following several of our public and private conversations..." <!-- quoted directly from https://beff.substack.com/p/notes-on-eacc-principles-and-tenets --> Richard continued reading the article in his head. 

*["The Network State in One Essay"](https://thenetworkstate.com/the-network-state-in-one-essay/) by Srinivasan Balaji. Okay, let's look at this.*

"A proposition is not a nation, though it can become one. Here we describe a peaceful, reproducible process for turning an online community premised on a proposition into a physical state with a virtual capital: a network state, the sequel to the nation state." *Okay, this is a little more like what I wanna explore.* <!-- quoted directly from https://thenetworkstate.com/the-network-state-in-one-essay -->

Richard sat and read for what felt like hours.

[Previous (incomplete)](./10.awakening.md)

[Next (not quite next but just in case you wanna see some of what's coming up)](./%3F.rejection.md)
