2.descent.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md)

## [WIP]
# 2. Descent
*March 28, 2024 - Columbus, Ohio, United States - Dover Consulting*

*Thank fucking God, it's almost 5 o'clock, then tomorrow is personal project day. I need to add OAuth to my Facebook for Dogs app.* 

Richard chilled in the largest beanbag chair at Dover Consulting's office as he added the finishing touches a documentation writeup for the new SSO implementation he finished building for the client company's new prior authorization app. 

Working at a software development consulting shop, the pace of work depends heavily on the assigned client's needs, but Richard's boss Benjamin, who also runs the company, steadfastly continued to allow a full workday every two weeks for his engineers to work on personal projects and explore cool new technologies outside of the confines of the job duties.

"Richard, can you come into my office?" Benjamin poked his head around the corner of the beanbag room.

"Sure Benjamin, one moment as I finish this last item." Richard finished typing the last sentence describing to the client's in-house developers how to integrate the system into their other applications. He then closed his laptop and stood up to walk with Benjamin to his office.

"Richard, Blue Cross Blue Shield abruptly changed their budget and they decided they no longer have a need for your project. At this time, we don't have enough wiggle room in the budgets provided to us for the other projects to shift you elsewhere."

Richard sat expressionless in the chair facing his boss' desk. He knew what was coming, given the introduction provided to him. 

"We're gonna have to furlough you."

Richard sat in silence for several seconds. Suddenly, he looked straight up at the ceiling. 

"Are you okay, Richard?" 

"Yeah, I'm all good. I'm just contemplating life and wondering why God has forsaken me like this."

Commit message:

adding author clarifications, re-wording a few areas, expanding on the conversation in chapter 2

2.descent.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md)

## [WIP]
# 2. Descent
*March 28, 2024 - Columbus, Ohio, United States - Dover Consulting*

*Thank fucking God, it's almost 5 o'clock, then tomorrow is personal project day. I need to add OAuth to my Facebook for Dogs app.* 

Richard chilled in the largest beanbag chair at Dover Consulting's office as he added the finishing touches a documentation write-up for the client company's prior authorization app's SSO implementation he finished building. 

Working at a software development consulting shop, the pace of work depends heavily on the assigned client's needs. But Richard's boss Benjamin, who also owned and ran the company, steadfastly continued to allow a full workday every two weeks for his engineers to work on personal projects and explore cool new technologies outside of the confines of the job duties. He didn't do this out of the goodness of his heart though -- he calculated that his employees would perform better overall and more than pay back two or three days a month of "lost productivity" if given ample breathing room to explore new ways of doing things. Richard had picked up on Benjamin's game, but he appreciated the flexibility regardless. 

"Richard, can you come into my office?" Benjamin poked his head around the corner of the beanbag room.

"Sure Benjamin, one moment as I finish this last item." Richard finished typing the last sentence describing to the client's in-house developers how to integrate the system into their other applications. He then closed his laptop and stood up to walk with Benjamin to his office.

Benjamin walked in first to sit down in his Herman Miller office chair behind the large L-shaped desk facing the door. He then motioned to Richard and then to the two basic chairs in front of the desk, "please have a seat." 

"Richard, Blue Cross Blue Shield abruptly changed their budget and they decided they no longer have a need for your project. At this time, we don't have enough wiggle room in the budgets provided to us for the other projects to shift you elsewhere." Benjamin paused for a moment.

Richard sat expressionless in the chair facing his boss. With an introduction like that, he could surmise the next statement. 

"We're gonna have to furlough you."

Richard sat in silence for several seconds. Suddenly, he looked straight up at the ceiling. 

"Are you okay, Richard?" 

"Yeah, I'm hanging in there. I'm just contemplating life and wondering why God has forsaken me like this."

"I'm really sorry this had to happen, Richard." Benjamin's tone remained unchanged throughout the conversation. 

"How much longer do I have my health insurance?" Richard knew that there was no hope of a monetary severance package between the miniscule size of the company and Benjamin's tight pursestrings.

"We have to stop paying into that immediately, unfortunately." 

Richard ever so slightly pursed his lips, struggling to conceal his anger. *You don't HAVE to stop immediately, you cheap bastard.*

"Are you aware of COBRA? It allows you to keep paying your group rate with your health insurance after you no longer work your job. You're welcome to keep your insurance if you want to pay."

"I'll keep that in mind," Richard uttered almost inaudibly.

"Thanks for being calm and understanding. It's never a fun experience, not for either of us."

Richard let out an exasperated sigh and hauled his already aching ass out of the bargain bin chair. "Well then, I shall bid you adieu, Ben." He started to open the door.

"Do not call me Ben. My name is Benjamin."

Richard suddenly looked back and shot Benjamin a nasty grimace. "Are you gonna fire me for that offense?"

"Get out of my office."
