4.crash.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*April 2, 2024 — Dublin, Ohio, United States - Exit 17A on Interstate 270 westbound*

*Richard gets into a car accident and he's taken to the hospital. He has two broken ribs and nasty whiplash, so he's gonna be okay. But the accident and his lack of resources set him up for serious problems moving forward.*

***Work in progress***

# 4. Crash

Richard eased his foot off the gas and signaled to turn as he approached the highway exit to take him home. Despite the drinks he enjoyed with his bois earlier, the glow of the setting sun gave him a rush of excitement by reminding him of the mamajuana he was going to knock back when he got home. The old merengue music was cranked up even louder than usual to compensate for his inebriation.

"Y es que eres demasiado niña, para empezar a amar. Eres como una fruta nueva, que no se debe tumbar!" Richard sang his heart out, the alcohol amplifying the passion in his voice. 

Richard barely registered a view in the mirror of a car speeding diagonally from behind him. The dumbass had swerved all the way from the leftmost lane to the exit, seemingly unable to calculate in time a simple decision of when to move towards the exit lane. Suddenly, Richard noticed a sharp force pushing the rear left corner of his car. The other guy had clipped the edge of Richard's car in a rush to reach the exit, causing him to completely lose control of the vehicle in an instant. 

Richard's car spun in a full circle and then slammed into the metal guardrail with a deafening crunch. The impact rattled through his body as glass shattered and the world around him started to detach from reality. 

The rusty Impala collided with the guardrail with such force that it vaulted over the thin steel layer, flipped upside down, and tumbled into the grass medium. Richard was still so numbed and confused by the sudden turn of events that even as he sat upside down in the totaled vehicle, he could not bring himself to react to the unfolding calamity. 

*What the hell just happened? Am I dreaming?*

After a couple of seconds, the gravity of his situation started to register, along with the gravity pulling him towards the roof of the car, which was now resting on the soft slightly moist grass.

As Richard came to, he noticed a horrendous pain starting to radiate from his right forearm. Holy FUCK, the pain.

<hr />



<!-- Generated from ChatGPT lmao, I need to rework this:

The next thing Richard became aware of was the sound of muffled voices. Gradually, they grew clearer: “Sir, can you hear me? Stay with us.” His eyelids fluttered open, and a pair of concerned EMTs loomed above him, their hands moving efficiently as they checked his vitals. He tried to speak, but his mouth felt dry, and his head throbbed with a dull, relentless ache. One of the EMTs offered a reassuring smile. “You’re going to be okay. You’ve been in an accident, but we’re taking care of you.”

They gently lifted him onto a stretcher, strapping him in securely before wheeling him to the waiting ambulance. Richard’s surroundings swayed as the stretcher rolled, and the flashing red and blue lights reflected off the ambulance’s polished surface. He caught glimpses of twisted metal and shards of glass littering the roadway before the doors swung shut. 

Inside the ambulance, the steady beeping of monitors mixed with the hum of the engine. “Your arm’s broken, and it looks like you have a concussion,” one of the EMTs said, her voice calm but professional. “We’re taking you to the hospital to get checked out.” Richard nodded weakly, his mind still catching up with what had happened. Pain radiated from his left arm, but a sense of relief washed over him. He was alive, and for now, that was enough. -->

[Previous](./3.curiosity.md)

[Next (incomplete)](./5.destitution.md)

Commit message:

fleshing out Richard's time in the hospital and his subsequent escape since he can't afford that shit

4.crash.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*April 2, 2024 — 8:04 PM - Dublin, Ohio, United States - Exit 17A on Interstate 270 westbound*

*Richard gets into a car accident and he's taken to the hospital. He has two broken ribs and nasty whiplash, so he's gonna be okay. But the accident and his lack of resources set him up for serious problems moving forward.*

***Work in progress***

# 4. Crash

Richard eased his foot off the gas and signaled to turn as he approached the highway exit to take him home. Despite the drinks he enjoyed with his bois earlier, the glow of the setting sun gave him a rush of excitement by reminding him of the mamajuana he was going to knock back when he got home. The old merengue music was cranked up even louder than usual to compensate for his inebriation.

"Y es que eres demasiado niña, para empezar a amar. Eres como una fruta nueva, que no se debe tumbar!" Richard sang his heart out, the alcohol amplifying the passion in his voice. 

Richard barely registered a view in the mirror of a car speeding diagonally from behind him. The dumbass had swerved all the way from the leftmost lane to the exit, seemingly unable to calculate in time a simple decision of when to move towards the exit lane. Suddenly, Richard noticed a sharp force pushing the rear left corner of his car. The other guy had clipped the edge of Richard's car in a rush to reach the exit, causing him to completely lose control of the vehicle in an instant. 

Richard's car spun in a full circle and then slammed into the metal guardrail with a deafening crunch. The impact rattled through his body as glass shattered and the world around him started to detach from reality. 

The rusty Impala collided with the guardrail with such force that it vaulted over the thin steel layer, flipped upside down, and tumbled into the grass medium. Richard was still so numbed and confused by the sudden turn of events that even as he sat upside down in the totaled vehicle, he could not bring himself to react to the unfolding calamity. 

*What the hell just happened? Am I dreaming?*

After a couple of seconds, the gravity of his situation started to register, along with the gravity pulling him towards the roof of the car, which was now resting on the soft slightly moist grass.

As Richard came to, he noticed a horrendous pain starting to radiate from his right forearm. Holy FUCK, the pain.

<hr />

*April 3, 2024 — 11:13 AM - Dublin, Ohio, United States - OhioHealth Dublin Methodist Hospital*

"Just lay back and relax Richard, you have two broken ribs and we need to make sure your body is getting enough oxygen."

"I can breathe!" Richard flailed to swing his arm to knock the tube out of the nurse's hand. "I don't need this shit, I have no insurance! I can't even afford *this* shit right now!" Richard winced as he lifted his hand to try to motion at the surrounding hospital room. 

<hr />

*April 3, 2024 — 12:08 AM - Dublin, Ohio, United States - OhioHealth Dublin Methodist Hospital - Emergency department entrance*

It was a dark and stormy night. Between the accident and when Richard slowly heaved his ass out of the hospital, the rain had started pouring and the thunder was clapping in all directions. Richard never enjoyed the rain much, but tonight it was a welcome distraction from the searing pain in his chest.

Richard looked around him briefly to make sure the staff wasn't following him, then he started to dial Eaton's phone number. Eaton was always something of an early bird, so Richard knew he had probably been asleep for a few hours already, but he needed guidance quick and Eaton was well-versed in first aid and several other skills that would be very handy after the Happening for which he was preparing.

"Come on man, pick up the phone. You're the only person I know who will get it," Richard muttered under his breath as the phone continued to ring.

Finally, the phone picked up. Out of consideration for his friend, Richard rushed to get the words out of his mouth as quickly as he could. "Yo man, I'm really sorry to call you so late in the evening for you, but I don't know what else to do. Do you know any home remedies for broken ribs?"

Eaton listened groggily. "Buddy, it's late as shit, what the *hell* are you talking about?" He yawned as Richard started to speak.

"Some idiot hit me on the way home and apparently I have two broken ribs and I'm trying to get the fuck out of the hospital. I can't afford this shit."

Eaton rolled his eyes hard enough for Richard to feel it through the phone. "Well, by leaving the hospital, you're making it that much harder to get better, dumbass."

"Motherfucker, were you still waking up when I said \"I can't afford this shit\"? Plus, these hospitals are just run by elites who want nothing but to exploit us, right?" Richard himself didn't actually believe that hospitals were a scam, no more than any other American does, but he knew he needed to appeal to Eaton's ideologies to get the answers he wanted. 

"Okay, fine. You have to immobilize the ribs as quickly as possible. The last thing you want is for them to set in some weird way where you can barely fill your lungs."

[Previous](./3.curiosity.md)

[Next (incomplete)](./5.destitution.md)
