9.initiation.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*Mike Ropini invites Richard out to Dallas to discuss more network ideas and "collaborate". Richard interprets this as Mike offering him a job so he gets his ass on that plane and heads to Dallas. Mike welcomes Richard to the office, introduces him to his lead engineer The Dragon King, and he gives a brief overview of his company and ideas.*

***Work in progress***

<hr />

# 9. Initiation

"Long, this is Richard." Mike called out to a mousey-looking Asian guy with long hair. The guy was poring over code on a giant curved monitor. Mike turned briefly back to Richard. "Long is my lead engineer."

Upon registering that his boss was interrupting him, Long facepalmed at his desk. With an exasperated sigh, he stood up and turned towards Richard and Mike. *Always with the interruptions. Don't you see I'm busy?!* He walked hurriedly towards the pair and then stood still.

Richard extended his right hand to shake. "Nice to meet you, Long."

"Same." Long very briefly shot an unamused look at Mike and immediately looked back at Richard. Richard only barely registered the break in Long's focus. "I go by The Dragon King."

Mike chimed in, "it's cool, Dragon King, I was getting ready to explain that to Richard."

Long turned back to Mike with a quizzical look on his face. "What's he doing here exactly?" He motioned at Richard.

"Well, depending on how the next few hours goes, you might have to come up with an answer to that question for us in the near future."

"I see." Long turned back to Richard. "So you're an engineer?"

"I guess I'm more of a dev than an engineer. I build mostly full-stack Web3 apps but I haven't done like super hardcore low-level programming or anything like that."

Long thought for a moment. "I understand. We need some improvements in our dashboard, and I don't enjoy coding in Typescript very much."

"I don't blame you there, man."

[Previous (incomplete)](./8.intrigue.md)

[Next (incomplete)](./10.awakening.md)

Commit message:

1. Additional dialogue in Rejection chapter 2. Mike and Long start to figure out how they feel about Richard 3. Cleanup supporting this work

9.initiation.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*Mike Ropini invites Richard out to Dallas to discuss more network ideas and "collaborate". Richard interprets this as Mike offering him a job so he gets his ass on that plane and heads to Dallas. Mike welcomes Richard to the office, introduces him to his lead engineer The Dragon King, and he gives a brief overview of his company and ideas.*

***Work in progress***

<hr />

# 9. Initiation

"Long, this is Richard." Mike called out to a mousey-looking Asian guy with long hair. The guy was poring over code on a giant curved monitor. Mike turned briefly back to Richard. "Long is my lead engineer."

Upon registering that his boss was interrupting him, Long facepalmed at his desk. With an exasperated sigh, he stood up and turned towards Richard and Mike. *Always with the interruptions. Don't you see I'm busy?!* He walked hurriedly towards the pair and then stood still.

Richard extended his right hand to shake. "Nice to meet you, Long."

"Same." Long very briefly shot an unamused look at Mike and immediately looked back at Richard. Richard only barely registered the break in Long's focus. "I go by The Dragon King."

Mike chimed in, "it's cool, Dragon King, I was getting ready to explain that to Richard."

Long turned back to Mike with a quizzical look on his face. "What's he doing here exactly?" He motioned at Richard.

"Well, depending on how the next few hours goes, you might have to come up with an answer to that question for us in the near future."

"I see." Long turned back to Richard. "You're an engineer?"

"I guess I'm more of a dev than an engineer. I build mostly full-stack Web3 apps but I haven't done like super hardcore low-level programming or anything like that."

Long thought for a moment. "I understand. We need to improve our dashboard, and I don't enjoy coding in Typescript very much."

"I don't blame you there, man."

<hr />

"What do you think of Richard?"

"I need some time to look over his GitHub and ask him about his work. As a person he seems mint, but we need to ensure he can do the work."

"How long will that take?"

"I can probably review and prepare some questions in about an hour."

"Cool beans. While you're doing that, him and I will have a conversation about Networkia's mission and what problems we're trying to solve so that I can check he's really on board."

[Previous (incomplete)](./8.intrigue.md)

[Next (incomplete)](./10.awakening.md)
