?-2.initiation.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

***Work in progress***

*Mike Ropini invites Richard out to Dallas to discuss more network ideas and "collaborate". Richard interprets this as Mike offering him a job so he gets his ass on that plane and heads to Dallas. Mike welcomes Richard to the office, introduces him to his lead engineer The Dragon King, and he gives a brief overview of his company and ideas.*

<hr />

"Long, this is Richard. He's my lead engineer." Mike called out to a mousey-looking Asian guy with long hair. The guy was poring over code on a giant curved monitor.

Upon registering that his boss was interrupting him, Long facepalmed at his desk. With an exasperated sigh, he stood up and turned towards Richard and Mike. *Always with the interruptions. Don't you see I'm busy?!* He walked hurriedly towards the pair and then stood still.

Richard extended his right hand to shake. "Nice to meet you, Long."

"Same. I go by The Dragon King."

"It's cool, Dragon King, I was getting ready to explain that to Richard."

Long then turned to Mike with a quizzical look on his face. "What's he doing here exactly?" He motioned at Richard.

"Well, depending on how the next few hours goes, you might have to come up with an answer to that question for us in the near future."

"I see."

[Previous](./%3F-3.intrigue.md)

[Next (actually the next chapter even though it's all in progress)](./%3F-1.awakening.md)

Commit message:

1. Renamed Chapter 3 from 'Genesis' to 'Curiosity' 2. General cleanup, improvement, and error correction throughout what's written right now. 3. A little more introductory dialogue between Richard, Mike, and Long in the chapter where we introduce The Dragon King

?-2.initiation.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

***Work in progress***

*Mike Ropini invites Richard out to Dallas to discuss more network ideas and "collaborate". Richard interprets this as Mike offering him a job so he gets his ass on that plane and heads to Dallas. Mike welcomes Richard to the office, introduces him to his lead engineer The Dragon King, and he gives a brief overview of his company and ideas.*

<hr />

"Long, this is Richard." Mike called out to a mousey-looking Asian guy with long hair. The guy was poring over code on a giant curved monitor. Mike turned briefly back to Richard. "Long is my lead engineer."

Upon registering that his boss was interrupting him, Long facepalmed at his desk. With an exasperated sigh, he stood up and turned towards Richard and Mike. *Always with the interruptions. Don't you see I'm busy?!* He walked hurriedly towards the pair and then stood still.

Richard extended his right hand to shake. "Nice to meet you, Long."

"Same." Long very briefly shot an unamused look at Mike and immediately looked back at Richard. Richard only barely registered the break in Long's focus. "I go by The Dragon King."

Mike chimed in, "it's cool, Dragon King, I was getting ready to explain that to Richard."

Long turned back to Mike with a quizzical look on his face. "What's he doing here exactly?" He motioned at Richard.

"Well, depending on how the next few hours goes, you might have to come up with an answer to that question for us in the near future."

"I see." Long turned back to Richard. "So you're an engineer?"

"I guess I'm more of a dev than an engineer. I build mostly full-stack Web3 apps but I haven't done like super hardcore low-level programming or anything like that."

Long thought for a moment. "I understand. We need some improvements in our dashboard, and I don't enjoy coding in Typescript very much."

"I don't blame you there, man."

[Previous](./%3F-3.intrigue.md)

[Next](./%3F-1.awakening.md)
