?.rejection.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*April 1, 2025 — Westerville, Ohio, United States - The Rusty Bucket Tavern and Restaurant*

*Richard excitedly tells the homeboys about the network state and its potential, but they think he's getting in over his head and they try to dissuade him.*

***Work in progress***

# ? - Rejection

Cynthia started to walk away after presenting the gang with their fourth round of beer. Eaton sighed heavily at Richard. 

"Buddy, you ain't got a lick of sense. There are only three ways to overcome this globohomo world. Either you die, you wait for the Happening, or you get your God damn guns and wage war to take your fucking rights back. There's no way an \"online community\" of script kiddie crypto nerds can hack into the complicated ass world military systems that have their own communication protocols. They're not gonna do shit, other than maybe scam some idiots."

Richard tried to pull a fast one. "The thing is, there won't be any benefit to the governments of the world to use their militaries to coerce motherfuckers if the wealth is locked behind cryptographically impenetrable private keys!"

"You'll gladly sing your passphrase when they break your kneecaps."

Yuri butted in as well. "Besides, all of that is \"too good to be true\" bullshit. Who the fuck is stupid enough to immigrate to some island in fuckin' Honduras because some snake oil salesmen tell them they can live forever?"  

"Well, you don't have to immigrate there, you can just get the gene therapy."

Eaton fumed. "Gene therapy?! And have the New World Order inject their bullshit into your body?! You're out of your God damn mind!"

"Guys, do you really want the centralized powers to consolidate their grasp on the world? They absolutely will unless we can build these decentralized parallel power structures."

"HELL no we don't, but they're too powerful now. When their \"great reset\" causes the Happening, we can pick up the pieces afterwards."

"You know that's how the Viet Cong successfully deterred the powerful centralized ass US forces in Vietnam - as a decentralized network with a shared ideological North Star! They didn't have the manpower or the training the US forces did, but they knew their own shit they all had a common goal."

Commit message:

a series of changes I don't feel like putting in the time to outline. I moved around the chronology of a couple of things and I continued to add to the argument between Richard, Eaton, and Yuri about the viability of network states. And other stuff too

?.rejection.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*April 20, 2025 — Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States - a random suburban Airbnb*

*Through a haze of dank ass kush, Richard argues with the homies about the viability of network states.*

***Work in progress***

# ? - Rejection

Richard, Eaton, and Yuri laid flopped down on the living room furniture. Richard and Yuri were laying on the Lovesac sectional, neither of them able to move much. Eaton laid further down in a separate loveseat closer to the part of the sectional where Richard lay. All three of the guys were absolutely fucking blasted out of their minds. Between celebrating 4/20 and Richard's new job at Networkia, the gang felt it fit to splurge on a more upscale short-term rental that allowed indoor smoking during this specific trip to Ann Arbor. 

Eaton sighed heavily at Richard as he picked up his second joint for the morning. "Buddy, you ain't got a lick of sense. There are only three ways to overcome this globohomo world. Either you die, you wait for the Happening, you get your God damn guns and wage war to take your fucking rights back, or you die." 

Richard raised his eyebrow. "Motherfucker, that's four things, and dying is two of them!" The three of them burst into laughter amidst fits of coughing.

Eaton finally re-composed himself. "My point is, there's no way an \"online community\" of script kiddie crypto nerds can hack into the complicated ass world military systems that have their own communication protocols. They're not gonna do jack shit, other than scam some idiots."

Richard tried to pull a fast one. "The governments of the world won't be able to use their militaries to coerce these \"script kiddie crypto nerds\" if the wealth is locked behind cryptographically impenetrable private keys!" Feeling smug, he took his first sip from his fourth glass of Guinness.

Richard felt Eaton's eye roll burn into his soul. "You'll gladly sing your passphrase when they break your kneecaps."

Yuri had been consumed by his disposable cherry vanilla vape, or perhaps the other way around, but he stopped for a moment to take a jab at Richard. "Did you forget about quantum computers too, Dick? In a few years they're gonna hack Bitcoin and Ethereum unless Satoshi and Vitalik can make their shit quantum-safe. Then your little \"network\" has nothing unless they listened to people like Eaton!"

Richard stared in silence, not sure how to retort. In another moment, Yuri all of a sudden felt the urge to continue to pummel Richard's ideas. "Not to mention the phony shit they're peddling. Who the fuck is stupid enough to immigrate to some island in fuckin' Honduras because some snake oil salesmen tell them they can live forever?"  

Richard started to rethink some of the stuff he told the guys about. *That DOES sound stupid, huh?* "Well, you don't have to immigrate there, you can just get the gene therapy."

Eaton fumed. "Gene therapy?! And have the New World Order inject their horseshit into your body?! You're out of your God damn mind!"

Richard touched his right index and middle fingers to his temple with his thumb on his cheek. "Guys, do you really want the centralized powers to consolidate their grasp on the world? They absolutely will unless we can build these decentralized parallel power structures."

"HELL no we don't want them to win, but magic internet money and rich tech nerds building little \"states\" in third-world countries aren't going to do a damn thing to the globalists. Do they have military power? Do they have natural resources? Do they have self-sufficiency? Like hell they do!" 

"When their \"great reset\" causes the Happening, we can pick up the pieces afterwards."

"You know that's how the Viet Cong successfully deterred the more powerful centralized ass US forces in Vietnam - as a decentralized network with a shared ideological North Star! They didn't have the manpower or the training the US forces did, but they knew their own shit, the people were on their side, and they all had a common goal."

"You're not the Viet Cong, and neither are the any of the soyboys whose ideas you've been peddling. You're just a dickhead with a dream!" Eaton suddenly grasped Richard's right arm. "Do you even lift, bro?" Eaton squeezed Richard's tiny ass bicep. Richard winced, partially from pain from the squeezing but partially because he indeed did not lift and Eaton was right about that at least.

"The powers that be are gonna flatten these little ass \"network state\" nodes. The network may be wealthy, but they can't do shit against the New World Order without controlling their own resources!"

While Eaton and Yuri did not embody the same ambition Richard did, they were quite sharp when it came to exposing the weaknesses in Richard's grand ideas, even while they were completely toasted.
