???+1.encounter.md, before:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*Richard is providing a keynote speech at the pop-up city he hosted. Vi Braeter, the top FBI subversion operative, presents themself in disguise and attempts to drum up enthusiasm for their "startup".*

<!-- In this chapter, Vi Braeter from the previous chapter is presenting as a woman, so I shall use she/her pronouns when describing them from the viewpoint of Richard and the other pop-up city attendees. -->

***Work in progress***

*October 15, 2026 — North Austin, Texas - Offices At The Domain*

"Thank you all again for being here. I am truly grateful that we have more than fifty brilliant talented statesmen and stateswomen putting their heads together for several weeks to ring in 2027 with decentralized ecosystems to help individuals and communities establish decentralized self-sovereignty. Individual uniqueness, creativity, and ingenuity are intertwined with a modern high-tech system that fosters those qualities instead of diminishing them." Richard paused for a moment to allow the audience to mull over his words. 

"Wonderful! Now... what are y'all workin' on?"

The crowd sat in silence. A few people seemed to be debating with themselves whether or not to speak first. After five or six seconds of silence, a short slim woman with wavy brown hair timidly raised her hand. 

Richard took a look at her. Something about her seemed a little off, like she wasn't quite normal. Of course, no "normal" person would travel many hours to Texas to participate in a pop-up city in a world where most people cannot even conceptually grasp what they are building, but something altogether was different with her. *What's with this girl?* 

Richard tried to put on his best enthusiastic voice. "Yeah, hey there! You in the front, what's up? What are you working on?" 

As a master of reading people, it was obvious to Vi that Richard was perturbed by their presence. *Is it that obvious that I'm not part of this shit?* Nonetheless, Vi was compelled to play the part. They pretended to swallow spit. It was easier to do under the pressure of the hyper-realistic face mask obfuscating their real appearance. 

"Hi everyone, I'm Vivian Becker." She began to tremble as the rest of the audience directed their gazes on her. It was a forced tremble, but an initial lack of confidence was critical to the persona they wanted to convey.

She paused for a moment, rhetorically. "I'm working on a protocol for a decentralized globally recognized credential. It will provide pertinent information about your work history, your criminal background, your national history, and more... all powered by zero-knowledge rollups!" 

A few audience members raised their eyebrows.

[Previous](./???.targeting.md)

[Next (???)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ8PFmtnn0Q)

Commit message:

Richard is talking to the popup city residents while drunk on mamajuana

???+1.encounter.md, after:

[Table of contents](./README.md#table-of-contents)

*Richard is providing a keynote speech at the pop-up city he hosted. Vi Braeter, the top FBI subversion operative, presents themself in disguise and attempts to drum up enthusiasm for their "startup".*

<!-- In this chapter, Vi Braeter from the previous chapter is presenting as a woman, so I shall use she/her pronouns when describing them from the viewpoint of Richard and the other pop-up city attendees. -->

***Work in progress***

*October 15, 2026 — North Austin, Texas - Offices At The Domain*

"Thank you all again for being here. I am truly grateful that we have more than fifty brilliant talented statesmen and stateswomen putting their heads together for several weeks to ring in 2027 with decentralized ecosystems to help individuals and communities establish decentralized self-sovereignty." Richard burped up a nasty mamajuana burp. *Good thing no one can smell me through the microphone.* "Individual uniqueness, creativity, and ingenuity are intertwined with a modern high-tech system that fosters those qualities instead of diminishing them." Richard paused for a moment, supposedly to allow the audience to mull over his words, but in reality he had forgotten if there was anything else he needed to say.

After a couple seconds, he pressed forward. "Uhhh... wonderful! Now... what are y'all workin' on?"

The crowd sat in silence. A few people seemed to be debating with themselves whether or not to speak first. After five or six seconds of silence, a short slim woman with wavy brown hair timidly raised her hand. 

Richard took a look at her. Something about her seemed a little off, like she wasn't quite normal. Of course, no "normal" person would travel many hours to Texas to participate in a pop-up city in a world where most people cannot even conceptually grasp what they are building, but something altogether was different with her. *What's with this girl?* 

Richard tried to put on his best enthusiastic voice. "Yeah, hey there! You in the front, what's up? What are you working on?" 

As a master of reading people, it was obvious to Vi that Richard was perturbed by their presence. *Is it that obvious that I'm not part of this shit?* Nonetheless, Vi was compelled to play the part. They pretended to swallow spit. It was easier to do under the pressure of the hyper-realistic face mask obfuscating their real appearance. 

"Hi everyone, I'm Vivian Becker." She began to tremble as the rest of the audience directed their gazes on her. It was a forced tremble, but an initial lack of confidence was critical to the persona they wanted to convey.

She paused for a moment, rhetorically. "I'm working on a protocol for a decentralized globally recognized credential. It will provide pertinent information about your work history, your criminal background, your national history, and more... all powered by zero-knowledge rollups!" 

A few audience members raised their eyebrows.

[Previous](./???.targeting.md)

[Next (???)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ8PFmtnn0Q)
