README.md, before:

*This is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.*

# Network Rising: The Birth of a New Nation
Mistakes and arbitrary decisions from his employer, his bank, and his country have thrown Richard Cabeza's life into a tailspin. Feeling completely shafted by the existing establishments, he starts learning about blockchain in order to take private decentralized custody of his assets. While studying and investing, he stumbles upon a groundbreaking paradigm for using modern technology to build new kinds of communities, cultures, and countries. His frustration and those of the people he meets along his journey spur him forward to implement a network state. 

Throughout his journey, he learns from and works with technological accelerationists, merito-capitalists, and grassroots leaders to create the building blocks for a new nation where no one entity can sieze unchecked power. His traction and influence eventualy raise the ire of intelligence agencies, stodgy regulators, and heads of states who attempt to halt Richard's progress through devious and questionable covert tactics.

# Author's notes
This story is for people who want to imagine the possibilities of how much better we can build human organizational systems with modern technology. A prerequisite contempt for the current pillars of the Western establishment is helpful but not necessary for reading this book. 

I'm aiming to place the plot of the story in a reality that mirrors ours as much as possible because I want the reader to truly imagine similar events unfolding in real life. If you see anything outside of the plotline that appears to be factually incorrect in real life and that is not an obvious pun of someone or something in reality, please raise an issue and I will review and correct it. Examples can include things like an incorrect location of an establishment or the timing of a real-world event, so please let me know if you find real-world inaccuracies!

# How to read
Any *italic* text not written at the top of each chapter denotes the thoughts of a character.

If you want to get a glimpse into what I'm envisioning for this story, you can check out the [charater info](./character-info.md). It still requires me to weave all of the ideas together, but hey, feel free to look at what I'm thinking about.

# Table of contents
* [1. Betrayal](./1.betrayal.md)
* [2. Descent [WIP]](./2.descent.md)
* [3. Curiosity [WIP]](./3.curiosity.md)
* [4. Crash [WIP]](./4.crash.md)
* More on the way!

Commit message:

1. Richard cannot get gung ho about crypto until later in the book, so in chapter 3 he writes it off as bullshit 2. Specific injuries described from the car accident in chapter 4 3. Beginning chapter 6 4. Minor changes to chapter 10 5. Improving the story synopsis. See if you can find the trifecta

README.md, after:

*This is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.*

# Network Rising: The Birth of a New Nation
A maelstrom of unfortunate events exacerbated by the poorly run systems of today have thrown Richard Cabeza's life into a tailspin. In a desperate effort to put his life back together after being shafted by the establishment, Richard goes balls to the wall studying cryptocurrency and how to make money. While studying and investing, he stumbles upon a groundbreaking paradigm for using modern technology to build new kinds of communities, cultures, and countries. His frustration and those of the people he meets along his journey spur him forward to implement a network state. 

Throughout his journey, he learns from and works with technological accelerationists, merito-capitalists, and grassroots leaders to create the building blocks for a new nation where no one entity can sieze unchecked power. His traction and influence eventualy raise the ire of intelligence agencies, stodgy regulators, and heads of states who attempt to halt Richard's progress through devious and questionable covert tactics.

# Author's notes
This story is for people who want to imagine the possibilities of how much better we can build human organizational systems with modern technology. A prerequisite contempt for the current pillars of the Western establishment is helpful but not necessary for reading this book. 

I'm aiming to place the plot of the story in a reality that mirrors ours as much as possible because I want the reader to truly imagine similar events unfolding in real life. If you see anything outside of the plotline that appears to be factually incorrect in real life and that is not an obvious pun of someone or something in reality, please raise an issue and I will review and correct it. Examples can include things like an incorrect location of an establishment or the timing of a real-world event, so please let me know if you find real-world inaccuracies!

# How to read
Any *italic* text not written at the top of each chapter denotes the thoughts of a character.

If you want to get a glimpse into what I'm envisioning for this story, you can check out the [charater info](./character-info.md). It still requires me to weave all of the ideas together, but hey, feel free to look at what I'm thinking about.

# Table of contents
* [1. Betrayal](./1.betrayal.md)
* [2. Descent [WIP]](./2.descent.md)
* [3. Curiosity [WIP]](./3.curiosity.md)
* [4. Crash [WIP]](./4.crash.md)
* More on the way!
